Master Fang, have you enteredthe action?
It is entered.
Master Snare, we must arrest SirJohn Falstaff.
I pray you, since my action isentered
and my case so openly known tothe world,
let Sir John be brought in tohis answer.
A hundred mark is a long one fora poor lone woman to bear,
and I have borne and borne andborne
and been fubbed off and fubbedoff and fubbed off
from this day to that day
that it is a shame to be thoughton.
There's no honesty in suchdealing,
unless a woman should be made anass and a beast
to bear every knave's wrongs.
Yonder he comes,
and that errant, malmsey noseknave, Bardolph, with him.
Do your office.
Do your office, Master Fang.
Do me, do me, do me your office.
How now.
What's the matter?
Whose mare's dead?
Sir John, I arrest you at thesuit of Mistress Quickly.
Away, varlets.
Draw, Bardolph.
Cut me off the villain's head.
Throw the quean in the channel.
Throw me in the channel!
I'll throw thee in the channel.
Wilt thou?
Thou bastardly rogue!
Murder, murder!
Ah, thou honeysuckle villain.
Wilt thou kill God's messengersand the king's?
Oh, good people, send a rescueor two.
Wo't thou?
Keep the peace here, ho!
My lord, be good to me.
I beseech you, stand to me.
How now, Sir John.
What are you brawling here?
Doth this become your time, yourplace, and business?
You should have been well onyour way to York.
My most worshipful lord,
an't please Your Grace that I'ma poor widow of Eastcheap,
and he is arrested at my suit.
For what sum?
Well, 'tis more than for some,my lord.
It is for all, all I have.
He has eaten me out of house andhome.
He's put all my substance intothat fat belly of his.
How comes this, Sir John?
Are you not ashamed to enforce apoor widow
to so rough a course to come byher own?
What is the gross sum that I owethee?
If thou wert an honest man,thyself and the money too.
Thou didst swear upon aparcel-gilt goblet,
sitting in my Dolphin chamber atthe round table
before a sea coal fire onWednesday in Wheeson week,
when the prince broke thy headfor liking his father
to a singing man of Windsor,
thou didst swear, as I waswashing thy wound,
to marry me and make me my ladythy wife.
Canst thou deny it?
And didst thou not kiss me
and bid me fetch thee 30shillings?
I put thee now to thy book oath.
Deny it, if thou canst.
My lord, this is a poor, madsoul,
and she says up and down thetown
that her eldest son is like you.
She hath been in good case,
and the truth is, poverty hathdistracted her.
But for these foolish officers,
I beseech you I may have redressagainst them.
Sir John, Sir John, I am wellaware
of your manner of wrenching thetrue cause the false way.
It is not a confident brow northe throng of words,
which come with such more thanimpudent sauciness from you,
can thrust me from a levelconsideration.
You have, so it appears to me,
practiced upon the easy yieldingspirit of this poor woman
and made her serve your usesboth in purse and in person.
Yea, good faith, my lord.
I pray you, peace.
Pay her the debt you owe her
and unpay the villainy you havedone with her.
The one you may do with sterlingmoney
and the other with currentrepentance.
My lord, I will not undergo thissneap without reply.
You call honorable boldnessimpudent sauciness.
If a man will make courtesy andsay nothing, he is virtuous.
No, my good lord.
My humble duty remembered, Iwill not be your suitor.
I say to you that I do
desire deliverance from theseofficers,
being upon hasty employment inthe king's affairs.
You speak as having power to dowrong,
but answer in the effect of yourreputation
and satisfy the poor woman.
Come hither, hostess.
Come hither.
My lord!
Master Gower, what news?
The king, my lord, and Harry,Prince of Wales,
are near at hand.
The rest the paper tells.
No more words on.
Faith, you said so before.
No more words; I'm a gentleman.
No more words on.
By this heavenly ground I treadon,
I will be fain to pawn
both my plate and the tapestriesin my dining chambers.
Let it be ten pound, if thoucanst.
No, no, no, no, no.
An't 'twere not for thy humors,
there's not a better wench inEngland.
Go wash thy face and draw theaction.
Go on.
I pray thee, Sir John, let it bebut 20 noble.
I would be loath to pawn myplate, so God save me.
La!
Let it alone.
I'll make other shift.
You'll be a fool still.
Well, you shall have it, and Ipawn my gown.
I hope you'll come to supper.
You will pay me all together?
Will I live?
Go with her, with her.
Hook on; hook on.
Will you have Doll Tearsheetcome meet you to supper?
No more words.
Let's have her.
I have heard better news.
What is the news, my lord?
Where lay the king tonight?
At Basingstoke, my lord.
I hope, my lord, all's well.
What is the news, my lord?
Come all his forces back?
No, 1,500 foot, 500 horse aremarched up
to my lord of Lancaster,
against Northumberland and thearchbishop.
Comes the king back from Wales,my noble lord?
You shall have letters of mepresently.
Come, go along with me, goodMaster Gower.
My lord.
What is the matter?
Master Gower, shall I entreatyou to dinner with me?
I must wait upon my good lordhere.
I thank you, good Sir John.
Sir John, you loiter here toolong,
being as you are to takesoldiers up
in counties as you go.
Will you sup with me, MasterGower?
What foolish master taught youthese manners, Sir John?
Master Gower, if they become menot,
he was a fool that taught themme.
This is the right fencing grace,my lord.
Tap for tap, and so part fair.
May the Lord lighten thee.
Thou art a great fool.
Before God, I'm exceeding weary.
Is't come to that?
I had thought weariness durstnot have attached
one of so high blood.
Faith, it does me,
though it discolors thecomplexion of my greatness
to acknowledge it.
Doesn't it show vilely in me todesire small beer?
Why, a prince should not be soloosely studied
as to remember so weak acomposition.
Belike then my appetite was notprincely got.
For, by my troth,
I do now remember the poorcreature, small beer.
Indeed, these humbleconsiderations
make me out of love with mygreatness.
What a disgrace is it to me toremember thy name
or to know thy face tomorrow
or to take note how many pair ofsilk stockings thou hastó
viz these, and those that werethy peach-colored onesó
or to bear the inventory of thyshirts,
as one for superfluity andanother for use.
But that the tennis court keeperknows better than I,
for it is a low ebb of linenwith thee
when thou keepest not racketthere.
How ill it follows, after youhave labored so hard,
you should talk so idly.
Tell me, how many good, youngprinces would do so,
their fathers being so sick asyours at this time is?
Shall I tell thee one thing,Poins?
Yes, faith,
and let it be an excellent, goodthing.
It shall serve among wits of nohigher breeding than thine.
Go to.
I stand the push of your onething you will tell.
Marry, I tell thee,
it is not meet that I should besad, now my father is sick.
Albeit I could tell to thee, asto one it pleases me,
for fault of a better, to callmy friend,
I could be sad,
and sad indeed too.
Very hardly upon such a subject.
By this hand, thou thinkest me
as far in devil's book as thouand Falstaff
for obduracy and persistency.
Let the end try the man.
I tell thee, my heart bleedsinwardly,
my father is so sick.
And keeping such vile company asthou art
hath in reason taken from me allostentation of sorrow.
The reason?
What wouldst thou think of me ifI should weep?
Why, I would think thee a mostprincely hypocrite.
It would be every man's thought,
and thou art a blessed fellow tothink so as every man thinks.
Never a man's thought in theworld
keeps the roadway better thanthine.
Every man would think me ahypocrite indeed.
And what accites your mostworshipful thought to think so?
Why, because you have been solewd and engrafted to Falstaff.
And to thee.
By this light, I am well spokeon.
I can hear it with my own ears.
The worst they can say of me isthat I am a second brother
and that I am a proper fellow ofmy hands.
And those two things, I confess,I cannot help.
God save Your Grace.
And yours, most noble Bardolph.
How doth thy master?
Well, my lord,
he hath heard of Your Gracecoming to town.
There's a letter for you.
Delivered with good respect.
And how doth the martlemas, yourmaster?
In bodily health, sir.
Marry, the immortal part needs aphysician,
but that moves not him.
Though that be sick, it diesnot.
I do allow this wen to be
as familiar with me as my dog.
And he holds his place, for lookyou how be writes.
"Sir John Falstaff, knight,
"to the son of the king, nearesthis father,
"Harry, Prince of Wales,
greeting."
Why, this is a certificate.
Peace.
"I will imitate the honorableRomans in brevityó"
He sure means brevity in breath,short-winded.
"I commend me to thee, I commendthee, and I leave thee.
"Be not too familiar with Poins,
"for he misuses thy favors somuch
"that he swears thou art tomarry his sister, Nell.
"Repent at idle times as thoumayest.
"And so farewell.
"Thine by yea and by no,
"which is as much as to say, asthou usest him,
"Jack Falstaff with myfamiliars,
"John with my brothers andsisters,
and Sir John with all Europe."
My lord, I'll steep this letterin sack and make him eat it.
That's to make him eat 20 of hiswords.
Do you use me thus, Ned?
Must I marry your sister?
God send the wench no worsefortune.
But I never said so.
Well, thus we play the foolswith the time,
and the spirits of the wise sitin the clouds and mock us.
Is thou master here in town?
Oh, yea, my lord.
Where sups he?
Doth the old boar feed at theold frank?
At the old place, my lord, inEastcheap.
What company?
Ephesians, my lord, of the oldchurch.
Sup any women with him?
None, my lord,
but old Mistress Quickly andMistress Doll Tearsheet.
What pagan may that be?
A proper gentlewoman, sir, and akinswoman of my master's.
Even such kin as the parishheifers are to the town bull.
Shall we steal upon them, Ned,at supper?
I am your shadow, my lord.
I'll follow you.
Sirrah, you boy, and Bardolph,
no word to your master that I amyet come to town.
Here's for your silence.
I have no tongue, sir.
And for mine, I will govern it.
Fare you well.
Go.
This Doll Tearsheet should besome road.
I warrant you, as common as theroad
between Saint Alban's andLondon.
How might we see Falstaff bestowhimself tonight
in his true colors, and notourselves be seen?
Put on two leathern jerkins andaprons,
and wait upon his table asdrawers.
From a god to a bull?
A heavy descension.
It was Jove's case.
From a prince to a prentice?
A low transformation.
That shall be mine,
for in everything the purposemust weigh with the folly.
Follow me, Ned.
I pray thee, loving wife andgentle daughter,
give even way unto my roughaffairs.
Put not you on the visage of thetimes
and be like them to Percytroublesome.
I have given over.
I will speak no more.
Do what you will.
Your wisdom be your guide.
Alas, sweet wife, my honor is atpawn,
and, but my going, nothing canredeem it.
Oh, yet, for God's sake, go notto these wars.
The time was, Father, that youbroke your word,
when you were more endeared toit than now,
when your own Percy,
when my heart's dear Harry,
threw many a northward look tosee his father
bring up his powers.
But he did long in vain.
Who then persuaded you to stayat home?
There were two honors lost,yours and your son's.
For yours, may the God of heavenbrighten it.
For his, it stuck upon him
as the sun in the gray vault ofheaven,
and by his light did all thechivalry of England
move to do brave acts.
He was indeed the glass
wherein the noble youth diddress themselves.
He had no legs that practicednot his gait.
And speaking thick, which naturemade his blemish,
became the accents of thevaliant;
for those that could speak lowand tardily
would turn their own perfectionsto abuse,
to seem like him.
So that in speech, in gait, indiet, in affections of delight,
in military rules, humors ofblood,
he was the mark and glass, copyand book,
that fashioned others.
And himó
oh, wondrous him,
oh, miracle of menó
him did you leave,
second to none, unseconded byyou,
to look upon the hideous god ofwar in disadvantage,
to abide a field where nothingbut the sound of Hotspur's name
did seem defensible.
So you left him.
Never, oh, never, do his ghostthe wrong
to hold your honor more preciseand nice
with others than with him.
Let them alone.
The marshal and the archbishopare strong.
Had my sweet Harry had but halftheir numbers,
today might I, hanging onHotspur's neck,
have talked of Monmouth's grave.
Beshrew your heart.
Fair daughter, you do draw myspirits from me
with new lamenting ancientoversights.
But I must go and meet withdanger there,
or it will seek me in anotherplace
and find me worse provided.
Oh, fly to Scotland,
till that the nobles and thearmed commons
have of their puissance made alittle taste.
If they get ground and vantageof the king,
then join you with them, like arib of steel,
to make strength stronger.
But, for all our loves, firstlet them try themselves.
So did your son.
He was so suffered.
So came I a widow
and never shall have length oflife enough
to rain upon remembrance withmine eyes,
that it may grow and sprout ashigh as heaven,
for recordation to my noblehusband.
'Tis with my mind as with thetide swelled up unto his height
that makes a stillstand, runningneither way.
Fain would I go to meet thearchbishop,
but many thousand reasons holdme back.
I will resolve for Scotland.
There am I till time and vantagecrave my company.
I' faith, sweetheart,
methinks now you are in anexcellent good temperality.
Your pulsidge beats asextraordinarily
as heart would desire,
and your color, I warrant you,
it's as red as any rose, in goodtruth, la!
But by faith, you have drunk toomuch canaries,
and that's a marvelous searchingwine,
and it perfumes the blood ereone can say "What's this?"
How do you now?
Better than I was.
Why, that's well said, a goodheart's worth gold.
Lo, here comes Sir John.
When Arthur first in courtó
empty the jordan.
How now, Mistress Doll.
Sick of a calm; yea, good faith.
So is all her sect.
An they be once in a calm, theyare sick.
A pox, damn you.
You muddy rascal.
Is that all the comfort you giveme?
You make fat rascals, MistressDoll.
I make them?
Gluttony and diseases make them.
I make them not.
If the cook help to make thegluttony,
you help to make the diseases,Mistress Doll.
We catch of you, Doll; we catchof you.
Grant that, my poor virtue;grant that.
Hang yourself, you muddy conger.
Hang yourself.
By my troth, this is the oldfashion.
You two never meet but you fallto some discord.
You are both, in good faith, asrheumatic as two dry toasts.
You cannot one won bear withanother's confirmities.
What the goodyear.
One must bear, and that must beyou.
You are the weaker vessel, asthey say, the emptier vessel.
Can a weak, empty vessel bearsuch a huge, full hogshead?
There's a whole merchant'svessel
of Bourdeaux stuff in him.
You have not seen a hulk betterstuffed in the hold.
Come, I'll be friends with thee,Jack.
Thou art going to the wars.
And whether I shall ever seethee again or no,
there is nobody cares.
Sir, ancient Pistol is below andwould speak with you.
Hang him, swaggering rascal.
Let him not come hither.
It is the foul-mouthed'st roguein England.
If he swagger, let him not comehere.
No, by my troth.
I must live among my neighbors.
I'll no swaggerers.
I am in good name and fame withthe very best.
Shut the door.
There comes no swaggerers here.
I have not lived all this whileto have swaggering now.
Shut the door, I pray you.
Dost thou hear, hostess?
Pray you, pacify yourself, SirJohn.
There comes no swaggerers here.
Dost thou hear?
It is mine ancient.
Tilly-fally, Sir John.
Your ancient swaggerer comes notin my doors.
I was before Master Tisick, thedeputy, t'other day,
and, as he said to me,
'twas no longer ago thanWednesday last, by my faith.
"Neighbor Quickly," says he.
Master Dumbe, our minister, wasby then.
"Neighbor Quickly," says he,
"Receive those that are civil,
"for," said he, "you are in anill name."
Now a' said so, I can tellwhereupon.
"For," said he,
"You are an honest woman andwell thought of.
"Therefore take heed what guestsyou receive.
Receive no swaggeringcompanions."
There comes none here.
You would bless you to hear whathe said.
No, I'll no swaggerers.
He's no swaggerer.
A tame cheater, i' faith.
You may stroke him as gentle asa puppy greyhound.
Call him up, Bardolph.
Cheater, call you him?
I will bar no honest man myhouse, nor no cheater,
but I do not love swaggering.
I am the worse, when one saysswagger.
Feel, masters, how I shake.
Oh, look you, I warrant you.
So you do, hostess.
Do I?
Yea, in good faith, do I, an'twere an aspen leaf.
Oh, I cannot abide swaggerers.
God save you, Sir John.
Welcome, ancient Pistol.
Pistol, I charge you with a cupof sack.
Do you discharge upon minehostess?
I will discharge her, Sir John,with two bullets.
She's Pistol-proof, sir.
You shall not hardly offend her.
Come, I'll drink no proofs norno bullets.
I'll drink no more than will dome good
for no man's pleasure, I.
Then to you, Mistress Dorothy, Iwill charge you.
Charge me?
I scorn you, scurvy companion.
What, you poor, base, mean,rascally,
cheating, lack linen mate.
Away, you moldy rogue; away.
I am meat for your master.
I know you, Mistress Dorothy.
Away, you cutpurse rascal.
You filthy bung, away.
By this wine, I'll thrust myknife into your moldy chaps
an you play the saucy cuttlewith me.
Away, you bottle ale rascal.
You basket hilt stale juggler,you.
Since when, I pray you, sir?
God's light, with two points onyour shoulders?
Much.
God's my life, I will murder herruff for this.
No more, Pistol.
I would not have you go offhere.
Discharge yourself of ourcompany, Pistol.
No, Captain Pistol; not here,sweet captain.
Captain?
Thou abominable damned cheater,
art thou not ashamed to becalled captain?
An captains were of my mind,they would truncheon you out
for taking their names upon youbefore you earned them.
You a captain?
You slave, for what?
For tearing a poor whore's ruffin a bawdy house?
He a captain.
Hang him, rogue.
He lives upon moldy stewedprunes and dried cakes.
A captain.
Therefore captains had need lookto it.
Hark thee hither, Mistress Doll.
Come.
Good ancient.
Thou sayest, good ancient.
Well, IóI tell thee, CorporalBardolph,
I shall tear her.
I'll be revenged of her.
Good Captain Pistol, be quiet.
'Tis very late.
I beseech you, aggravate yourcholer.
These be good humors, indeed.
Shall packhorses and hollowpampered jades of Asia
that cannot go up 30 mile a day,
compare with Caesar and withcannibals and Trojan Greeks?
Nay, rather damn them with KingCerberus,
and let the welkin roar.
Shall we fall foul for toys?
By my troth, captain, these arebitter words.
Then feed and be fat, my fairCalipolis.
Come, give's some sack.
"Si fortune me tormente, speratome contento."
Pray thee, go down.
Go down.
Fear we broadsides?
No, the fiend give fire.
Sweetheart, lie thou there.
What?
We come to full points here, andare etceteras nothing?
Pistol, I would be quiet.
Sweet knight, I kiss thy neaf.
What, we have seen the sevenstars.
For God's sake, thrust himdownstairs.
I cannot endure such a fustianrascal.
Thrust me down stairs?
Quoit him down, Bardolph, like ashovegroat shilling.
This will grow to a brawl anon.
Pray you downstairs.
Shall we have incision?
Shall we imbrue?
Then death rock me asleep.
Abridge my doleful days.
Why, then, let grievous,ghastly, gaping wounds
untwine the Sisters Three.
Come, Atropos, I say.
This is goodly stuff toward.
Boy, give me my rapier.
I pray thee, Jack.
I pray thee, do not draw.
Get you downstairs.
I'll forswear housekeeping
afore I'll be in these terretsand frights.
I pray you, Jack, be quiet.
The rascal's gone.
Ah, you whoreson, little valiantvillain, you.
Are you not hurt i' the groin?
Methought a' made a shrewdthrust at your belly.
Have you thrust him out o'doors?
Aye, Sir John.
The rascal's drunk.
You hurt him, sir, in theshoulder.
A rascal to brave me.
You sweet little rogue, you.
Alas, poor ape, how thou sweats.
Come, let me wipe thy face.
Come on, you whoreson chops.
I' faith, I love thee.
Thou art as valorous as Hectorof Troy,
worth five of Agamemnon,
and ten times better than theNine Worthies.
Ah, villain.
A rascally slave.
I'll toss the rogue in ablanket.
Do, an thou darest for thyheart.
An thou dost, I'll canvass theebetween a pair of sheets.
The music is come, sir.
What?
The music is come.
Well, let them play.
Play, sirs.
Come sit on my knee, Doll.
A rascal bragging slave.
The rogue fled from me likequicksilver.
I' faith,
and thou followedst him likechurch.
You whoreson, little, tidyBartholomew boar pig,
when wilt thou leave fighting o'days and foining o' nights,
and begin to patch up thine oldbody for heaven?
Peace, good Doll,
do not speak like adeath's-head.
Do not bid me remember mine end.
Sirrah, what humor's the princeof?
A good, shallow young fellow
who would have made a goodpantler,
would ha' chipped bread well.
They say that Poins has a goodwit.
He a good wit?
Hang him, baboon.
His wit's as thick as Tewksburymustard.
Why does the prince love him so,then?
Because their legs are both of abigness
and a' plays at quoits well andswears with a good grace
and such other gambol facultiesa' has
that show a weak mind and anable body.
For the prince himself is suchanother.
The weight of a hair
will turn the scales betweentheir avoirdupois.
Would not this nave of a wheelhave his ears cut off?
Let's beat him before his whore.
Look, whether withered elder
hath not his poll clawed like aparrot.
Is it not strange that desire
should so many years outliveperformance?
Kiss me, Doll.
Saturn and Venus this year inconjunction.
What says the almanac to that?
Thou dost give me flatteringbusses.
By my troth, I kiss thee with amost constant heart.
I am old.
I love thee better
than I love e'er a scurvy youngboy of them all.
What stuff wilt have a kirtleof?
I shall receive money o'Thursday.
Shall have a cap tomorrow.
A merry song, come.
It grows late.
We'll to bed.
Thou'lt forget me when I amgone.
By my troth,
thou sets me a-weeping, an thousayest so.
Prove that ever I dress myselfhandsome till thy return.
Well, harken at the end.
Some sack, Francis.
Anon, anon, sir.
A bastard son of the king's.
And art not thou Poins, hisbrother?
Why, thou globe of sinfulcontinents,
what a life dost thou lead.
A better than thou.
I'm a gentleman; thou art adrawer.
Very true, sir,
and I come to draw you out bythe ears.
Oh, the Lord bless that sweetface of thine.
Oh, Jesu, are you come fromWales?
Thou whoreson mad compound ofmajesty,
by this light flesh and corruptblood, thou art welcome.
Hold, you fat fool.
I scorn you.
My lord, he will drive you outof your revenge
and turn all to a merriment, ifyou take not the heat.
You whoreson candle-mine, you.
How vilely did you speak of meeven now
before this honest, virtuous,civil gentlewoman.
Oh, now, God's blessing on yourgood heart.
So she is, by my troth.
Didst thou hear me?
Yea, and you knew me,
as you did when you ran away byGadshill.
You knew I was at your back
and spoke it on purpose to trymy patience.
No, no, no; not so.
No, I did not think thou wastwithin hearing.
I shall drive thee then toconfess the willful abuse,
and then I know how to handleyou.
No abuse, Hal.
On mine honor, no abuse.
Not to dispraise me
and call me pantler and breadchipper
and I know not what.
No abuse, Hal.
No abuse?
No abuse, Ned, i' the world.
No, no, none.
No, I dispraised him before thewicked
that the wicked might not fallin love with thee,
in which doing, I have done thepart
of a careful friend and a truesubject,
and thy father is to give methanks for it.
No abuse, Hal.
None, Ned, none.
No, faith, boys, none.
See now, whether pure fear orentire cowardice
doth not make thee wrong thisvirtuous gentlewoman
to close with us?
Is she of the wicked?
Is thine hostess here of thewicked
or thy boy of the wicked
or honest Bardolph,
whose zeal burns in his nose, ofthe wicked?
Answer, thou dead elm; answer.
The fiend hath pricked downBardolph irrecoverable,
and his face is Lucifer's privykitchen,
where he does nothing but roastmaltworms.
For the boy, well, there's agood angel about him,
but the devil outbids him too.
For the women?
For one of them, she's in hellalready
and burns poor souls.
For the other, I owe her money,
and whether she be damned forthat, I know not.
No, I warrant.
Who knocks so loud at door?
Peto.
My lord!
How now, Peto.
What's the news?
The king your father is atWestminster,
and there are 20 weak andwearied posts
come from the north.
And as I came along, I met andovertook a dozen captains,
bareheaded, sweating, knockingat the taverns,
and asking everyone for Sir JohnFalstaff.
By heaven, Poins, I very much toblame,
so idly to profane the precioustime.
Give me my sword and cloak.
Falstaff, good night.
Oh, now, now comes in thesweetest morsel of the night,
and we must hence and leave itunpicked.
Oh, more knocking.
How now.
What's the matter?
You must to court presently.
A dozen captains stay at doorfor you.
Farewell, hostess.
Farewell, Doll.
You see, my good wenches, howmen of merit are sought after.
The undeserver may sleep whenthe man of action is called on.
Farewell.
If I be not sent away post, Iwill see you again ere I go.
I cannot speak.
If my heart be not ready toburstó
oh, sweet Jack, have a care ofthyself.
Farewell.
Fare thee well.
I've known thee 29 years comepeascod time,
and an honester, truer-heartedman
well, fare thee well.